# 11.1

map is associatve, the key can be any type, taking a pair
vector is sequencial, the sub can only be an interger.

# 11.2

easy

# 11.5

map is a no collision function mapping, base type is pair
set is a no collision collection, base type is any type.

# 11.6

List
Searching (linear time).
Inserting, deleting, moving (takes constant time).
Elements may be ordered in insertion order.
Elements may be duplicate.

Set
Searching (logarithmic in size).
Insert and delete (logarithimic in general).
Elements are ordered by sort.
Elements are always sorted from lower to higher.
Elements are unique.

# 11.9

```cpp
map<string, set<int>> search_index;
```

# 11.10

vector is fine
list will complain no < is defined.

# 11.11

```cpp
using Less = bool (*)(Sales_data const&, Sales_data const&);
std::multiset<Sales_data, Less> bookstore(less);
```

# 11.15

vector<int>
int
pair/<int, vector int/>

# 11.17

```cpp
copy(v.begin(), v.end(), inserter(c, c.end())); // v
copy(v.begin(), v.end(), back_inserter(c)); // illegal, no `push_back` in `set`.
copy(c.begin(), c.end(), inserter(v, v.end())); // v
copy(c.begin(), c.end(), back_inserter(v)); // v
```

# 11.21

same as ++word_count(word);

# 11.22

arg type: pair<string, vector<int>>
returns: pair<map<string, vector<int>::const_iterator, bool>

# 11.24

looking for 0
no 0 present, insert 0 with init val 0
find v[0], assign 1 to it.

# 11.25

not defined.

# 11.27

count for multi
find for unique

# 11.28

map<string, vector<int>>::iterator

# 11.29

If no matching element is found, then both the first and second iterators refer to the position where this key can be inserted.

# 11.30

pos a pair
pos.first the iterator refering to the first element with the matching key
pos.first->second the value part of the key-value of the first element with the matching key
